good good intendant visiting today
this very important work that was already
very advanced also nothing
in fact the boys are already good
we want to give you a little bit this work
but hey come to see it because now
we are missing some materials that
they are not delivering but well we are going to
try to finish it quickly for
that so they can come because all
the tracks every night come guys
from different places and want to do it and
good the strongest healing and see the
happy boy and also to one puts it
happy so it comes with the manager
now to try to finish it sooner
possible that it is underway and that they can
enjoy here with or with the family of
his parents with neighboring friends and insurance
many who will come from other places
Someone Malvinas Argentina
this is a skatepark let's tell
the people how did the idea of ​​doing
this with the battalion was not like that
the youth or teenagers that I
they stopped in the street they wrote to me
letters that phoned the
municipality and good and one day we
We decided after a day that
I wanted a sample here in a street
to take it as a commitment that also
already missing and that the guys who come if
we have to please those who better than
this place was not recovered for the
family just to enjoy the
people are justly already going to
have the boys doing sport here
taking care of the well-taken care of and in a place
very broad like this
they have all kinds of security to get it out
of the alcohol of the drug
who have this can not now either are or
few days of starting there the cop
May right that will also be very
a very very important work and it's going to
start first but we change the project
we made it more wider cuter you
we added a pool and everything else so
well we are trying to reach all
the neighborhoods to all places with the
sport with with with different
educational recreational activities
to try to contain our
young things that the national state
It should deal but it does no good and
who are we dad we want our
children are children who are doomed to
sport the study
here
to the good life let's say not to have
healthy guys for the future